docs/contributing: improve mk(Neovim/Vim)Plugin function documentation (#2462)
nix-community/nixvim: CONTRIBUTING.md

| Parameter                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Required | Default Value                                                                                   |
| ---------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **name**                     | The name of the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Yes      | N/A                                                                                             |

> | **url**                      | The URL of the plugin's repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes      | N/A                                                                                             |

Reviewer: https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/pull/2462#discussion_r1818741351 is still outstanding. `url` defaults to "default package's `meta.homepage` if available".

```suggestion
| **url**                      | The URL of the plugin's repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes      | `package` parameter's `meta.homepage`                                                           |
```

Author: Yup, forgot the modification when to void of my mind. Corrected

The `mkVimPlugin` function provides a standardized way to create a `Vim` plugin.
This is intended to be used with traditional vim plugins, usually written in viml.
Such plugins are usually configured via vim globals, but often have no configurable options at all.

| Parameter                    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Required | Default Value    |
| ---------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------- |
| **name**                     | The name of the Vim plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Yes      | N/A              |

> | **url**                      | The URL of the plugin repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes      | N/A              |

Reviewer: Same

```suggestion
| **url**                      | The URL of the plugin repository.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes      | `package` parameter's `meta.homepage` |
```

  For those, you should use the `lib.nixvim.neovim-plugin.mkNeovimPlugin`.\
  -> See the [template](plugins/TEMPLATE.nix).

3. Add the necessary parameters for the [`mkNeovimPlugin`](#mkneovimplugin)/[`mkVimPlugin`](#mkvimplugin)

#### `mkNeovimPlugin`

The `mkNeovimPlugin` function provide a standardize way to create a `Neovim` plugin.

| Parameter                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Required | Default Value |
|----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|

> | **name**                   | The name of the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                      | Yes      | N/A           |

Reviewer 2: Wonder if it might be nice to sort these tables alphabetically or by required status

Author: It should already be sorted by required attr. Would you like to sort them only by name or name and required?

Reviewer 2: Name and required would be nice.

| **maintainers**            | Maintainers for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                  | Yes      | N/A           |

> | **url**                    | The URL of the plugin's repository.                                                                                                                                                                          | Yes      | If not set, `package`'s' `homepage` attribute |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **url**                    | The URL of the plugin's repository.                                                                                                                                                                          | No     | If not set, `package`'s' `homepage` attribute |
```
I've never passed url to a `mkNeovimPlugin`, so I wouldn't say that's required. The default value even explains why it's not required.

| **package**                | The nixpkgs package attr for this plugin. Can be a string, a list of strings, a module option, or any derivation. For example, "foo-bar-nvim" for `pkgs.vimPlugins.foo-bar-nvim`, or `[ "hello" "world" ]` will be referenced as `pkgs.hello.world`. | No       | `name` parameter |

> | **imports**                | Additional Nix modules to import.                                                                                                                                                                            | No       | `[]`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **imports**                | Additional modules to import.                                                                                                                                                                            | No       | `[]`            |
```

I never know how to word it when referencing modules.

"Nix modules" is wrong, because the module system comes from nixpkgs/nixos _not_ from nix itself.

"Nixpkgs modules" or "NixOS modules" could be used, but could also be confusing.

"Nixvim modules" is also legitimate, because the modules are intended for use with nixvim.

Or just "modules" on its own is probably enough, and removes the need to think about the additional word :sweat_smile:

> | **description**            | A brief description of the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `null`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **description**            | A brief description of the plugin. Can also be used for non-normative documentation, warnings, tips and tricks.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `null`          |
```

Reviewer: Looking around online, it seems GFM may not support wrapping/unwrapping table lines and if we wanted this we'd have to resort to HTML tables...

E.g. no mention in the [GFM spec](https://github.github.com/gfm/#tables-extension-)
And no usuful answers on this [Stack Overflow thread](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15955160/markdown-table-with-long-lines)

> | **deprecateExtraOptions**  | Indicating whether to deprecate the `extraOptions` attribute. Mainly used for old plugins.                                                                                                                   | No       | `false`         |
> | **optionsRenamedToSettings** | Options that have been renamed and move to the `settings` attribute.                                                                                                                                       | No       | `[]`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deprecateExtraOptions**  | Indicating whether to deprecate the `extraOptions` attribute. Only used when migrating old plugins.                                                                                                                   | No       | `false`         |
| **optionsRenamedToSettings** | Options that have been renamed and move to the `settings` attribute. Only used when migrating old plugins.                                                                                                                                       | No       | `[]`            |
```

| **isColorscheme**          | Indicating whether the plugin is a colorscheme.                                                                                                                                                              | No       | `false`         |
| **colorscheme**            | The name of the colorscheme.                                                                                                                                                                                 | No       | `name` parameter |

> | **configLocation**         | The location for the Lua configuration.                                                                                                                                                                      | No       | `"extraConfigLuaPre"` if `isColorscheme` is `true`, otherwise `"extraConfigLua"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **configLocation**         | The location for the Lua configuration.                                                                                                                                                                      | No       | if `isColorscheme` then `"extraConfigLuaPre"`, otherwise `"extraConfigLua"` |
```

> | **hasConfigAttrs**         | Indicating whether the plugin has configuration attributes.                                                                                                                                                  | No       | `true`          |

Reviewer: I can't even recall what this does or what it's for :eyes:

Author: @MattSturgeon Hey! It's when the plugin is configured at runtime I suppose. That's how I interpret these lines: https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/main/lib/neovim-plugin.nix#L30-L31

Reviewer: Ah this was from @traxys recent PR. Any input on how this should be documented? Especially as it's a rather niche argument...

> | **originalName**           | The original name of the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                             | No       | `name` parameter |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **originalName**           | The original name of the plugin, usually the plugin's github repo name. E.g. `"foo-bar.nvim"`.                                                                                                                                                                             | No       | `name` parameter |
```

> | **settingsOptions**        | Options for the plugin's settings.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `{}`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **settingsOptions**        | Options representing the plugin's settings. This is optional because `settings` is a "freeform" option. See <insert link here>.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `{}`            |
```

We want to keep reminding contributors that it is not necessary to represent plugin settings as nix options in order for end users to configure them.

We should link to the relevant sub-heading where this is discussed in more detail.

Author: I can't a relevant link to set here for a simple freeform plugin already added to nixvim. Do you have one?

Reviewer: I think [`#declaring-plugin-options`](https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#declaring-plugin-options) is probably what I had in mind.

| **settingsExample**        | An example configuration for the plugin's settings.                                                                                                                                                          | No       | `null`          |

> | **settingsDescription**    | A description of the settings provided to the `require('${luaName}')${setup}` function.                                                                                                                      | No       | `"Options provided to the require('${luaName}')${setup} function."` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **settingsDescription**    | A description of the settings provided to the `setup` function.                                                                                                                      | No       | `"Options provided to the require('${luaName}')${setup} function."` |
```

> | **hasSettings**            | Indicating whether the plugin has settings.                                                                                                                                                                  | No       | `true`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **hasSettings**            | Indicating whether the plugin has settings. A `settings` option will be created if true.                                                                                                                                                                  | No       | `true`          |
```

> | **extraOptions**           | Additional options for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `{}`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **extraOptions**           | Module options for the plugin, to be added _outside_ of the `settings` option. These should be Nixvim-specific options.                                                                                                                                                                          | No       | `{}`            |
```

| **setup**                  | The setup function for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                           | No       | `".setup"`      |
| **extraConfig**            | Additional configuration for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                     | No       | `{}`            |
| **extraPlugins**           | Extra plugins to include.                                                                                                                                                                                    | No       | `[]`            |
| **extraPackages**          | Extra packages to include.                                                                                                                                                                                   | No       | `[]`            |

> | **callSetup**              | Indicating whether to call the setup function.                                                                                                                                                               | No       | `true`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **callSetup**              | Indicating whether to call the setup function. Useful when the `setup` function needs to be called in a special way.                                                                                                                                                              | No       | `true`          |
```

Reviewer: This was moved up to line 62, but I think it'd still be nice to add the `Useful when the `setup` function needs to be called in a special way.` suggestion?

> | **installPackage**         | Indicating whether to install the package.                                                                                                                                                                   | No       | `true`          |

Reviewer: Is this deprecated? What scenarios do we use this in?

Author: I haven't checked TBH. I only know the  `callSetup` which is used to tell when a lib is packaged (generally) and doesn't really on a setup function.

Reviewer: Seems I added it back in https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/commit/843fb302ebaa2559b7c50ad69ba9a00ae1a5836d, although it is a very niche option...

A quick search shows it is only used by `treesitter`: https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/6f210158b03b01a1fd44bf3968165e6da80635ce/plugins/by-name/treesitter/default.nix#L431-L434

Maybe add a caveat:
```suggestion
| **installPackage**         | Whether to install the package. This should almost never be disabled. It is occasionally disabled by plugin modules that need to apply additional overrides to the package before it is added to `extraPackages`. | No       | `true`          |
```

Reviewer 2: Sorry, didn't see this PR. Thanks for catching that Matt. I remember you adding that specifically for treesitter way back when lol

Author: > Seems I added it back in https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/commit/843fb302ebaa2559b7c50ad69ba9a00ae1a5836d, although it is a very niche option...
> 
> 
> 
> A quick search shows it is only used by `treesitter`: https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/6f210158b03b01a1fd44bf3968165e6da80635ce/plugins/by-name/treesitter/default.nix#L431-L434
> 
> 
> 
> Maybe add a caveat along the lines of?
> 
> ```suggestion
> 
> | **installPackage**         | Whether to install the package. This should almost never be disabled. It is occasionally disabled by plugin modules that need to apply additional overrides to the package before it is added to `extraPackages`. | No       | `true`          |
> 
> ```

@MattSturgeon Do you have something in mind? Without really knowing the full purpose of it, I find the line enough to either not mess with it, or start working on it.

Reviewer: > Do you have something in mind?

What I had in mind was something along the lines of my earlier suggestion:

``Whether to install the package. This should almost never be disabled. It is occasionally disabled by plugin modules that need to apply additional overrides to the package before it is added to `extraPackages`.``

This is a little wordy though, I'll admit!

> Without really knowing the full purpose of it, I find the line enough to either not mess with it, or start working on it.

Yeah, I agree this is difficult. And we don't need to have everything perfect since things can always be improved down the line.

Author: I've made a small change to your sentence. It should be a little bit less verbose. But also a little bit less comprehensible. Lets see what you think about it :+1:

Reviewer: See #2524

6. Imports additional Nix modules as specified.

##### Example Usage

```nix
mkNeovimPlugin {
  name = "example-plugin";
  maintainers = [ lib.maintainers.user ];
  url = "https://github.com/example/example-plugin";
  description = "An example Neovim plugin";
  settingsOptions = {
    option1 = lib.mkOption {
      type = lib.types.str;
      default = "default-value";
      description = "An example option";
    };
  };
}
```

This example defines a Neovim plugin named `example-plugin` with specified maintainers, URL, description, settings options, and additional configuration. `package` will be 'example-plugin'
thanks to package referring to the `name` attribute.

#### `mkVimPlugin`

The `mkVimPlugin` function provides a standardized way to create a `Vim` plugin.

| Parameter                | Description                                                                 | Required | Default Value |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------|
| **name**                 | The name of the Vim plugin.                                                 | Yes      | N/A           |

> | **url**                  | The URL of the plugin repository.                                           | Yes      | N/A           |

Reviewer: This isn't resolved? Unless you disagree?

Ideally, this should match the `mkNeovimPlugin` equivalent https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/pull/2462/files#r1818746848

> | **maintainers**          | The maintainers of the plugin.                                              | Yes      | Throw if not set and `package` doesn't contain a `homepage` attribute |

Author: As you said, and I verified, it'll take the meta.homepage attr from the original nixpkgs pkg https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/main/lib/neovim-plugin.nix#L82 . I guess it'll throw an error if both unset. The original destructed attr has a default value to throw, but I'll never be called. We use the `args.url`, which, if I understood our conversations and the wiki and the magic happening behind, doesn't use the default value.

> | **maintainers**          | The maintainers of the plugin.                                              | Yes      | Throw if not set and `package` doesn't contain a `homepage` attribute |

Reviewer: This is the `maintainers` attribute, not the `url` one

> | **maintainers**          | The maintainers of the plugin.                                              | Yes      | Throw if not set and `package` doesn't contain a `homepage` attribute |

Author: Ohh, yeah! Mb... I'm updating it.

> | **maintainers**          | The maintainers of the plugin.                                              | Yes      | Throw if not set and `package` doesn't contain a `homepage` attribute |

Author: It's defined as `[]` liked you said :+1: . Good catch!

| **extraPackages**        | Extra packages to include.                                                  | No       | `[]`          |
| **extraPlugins**         | Extra plugins to include.                                                   | No       | `[]`          |
| **globalPrefix**         | Global prefix for the settings.                                             | No       | `""`          |
| **imports**              | A list of imports for the plugin.                                           | No       | `[]`          |
| **isColorscheme**        | Flag to indicate if the plugin is a colorscheme.                            | No       | `false`       |
| **maintainers**          | The maintainers of the plugin.                                              | No      | `[]` |
| **optionsRenamedToSettings** | List of options renamed to settings.                                    | No       | `[]`          |
| **originalName**         | The original name of the plugin, usually the plugin's github repo name. E.g. `"foo-bar.nvim"`.                                            | No       | `name` parameter |

> | **package**              | The package for the plugin.                                                 | No       | `name` parameter |

Reviewer: Minor nit: this is an intrinsic issue with markdown tables, but the column deliminators have started creeping out of alignment... Same for `mkNeovimPlugin`.

Is your goal to set each column divider at a particular char-column and then just have a few exceptions for rows with particularly wordy fields?

Maybe just have a final check when all else is done that the table is formatted/aligned as you intended :grin:

Author: Hey! TBH, I really hate MD tables due to the lack of readability on large columns... So I tried my best in my latest change to fit a *readable* design. Tell me what you think. Another shi**y solution would be to create an over-engineered method with a json/yaml input, a simple CLI command to template this and `sed` the content. So, you don't interact with raw MD tables and just the read the rendered MD.

Reviewer: I don't think pre-processing the tables is a good solution, especially as we want the contributing file to be rendered correctly on both GitHub and our mdbook docs.

Maybe down the line we could experiment with another format; for instance, I believe GitHub also supports AsciiDocs, I imagine mdbook can too. However that's way out of scope here.

I'll take a look at the formatting next time I'm on a big enough screen, but I'm sure it's fine 🫠

Reviewer: Just had a look on a wider screen. Looks fine other than two lines:

<details><summary>Details</summary>
<p>

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5a3b1244-2b77-474e-af40-8437058b2eb0)

</p>
</details> 

[Line 67](https://github.com/DataHearth/nixvim/blob/2650c1852840bf3df4fca271c9750b25711a06a5/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L67) (`extraOption`) and [Line 73](https://github.com/DataHearth/nixvim/blob/2650c1852840bf3df4fca271c9750b25711a06a5/CONTRIBUTING.md?plain=1#L73) (`installPackage`) seem to have an extra space somewhere

> | **globalPrefix**                 | Global prefix for the settings.                                                                                                                                                                              | No       | `""`             |

Author: I'll just copy past what you've written. I don't even know what a global prefix in `vim` is :joy: . 

Regarding the demonstration, this can be very useful, but I feel like it'll quickly overload the reader's ability to quickly do a search & find in this doc. He/She will be redirected to another nix example. Which is exactly what I don't want to do when coming for this section (for me at least).

> | **globalPrefix**                 | Global prefix for the settings.                                                                                                                                                                              | No       | `""`             |

Author: Maybe in a different doc or the global documentation in mdbook ?

| **settingsExample**      | Example settings for the plugin.                                            | No       | `null`        |

> | **settingsOptions**      | Settings options for the plugin.                                            | No       | `{}`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **settingsOptions**      | Options representing the plugin's settings. This is optional because `settings` is a "freeform" option. See [Declaring plugin options](#declaring-plugin-options).    | No       | `{}`          |
```

Should probably match the equivalent in `mkNeovimPlugin`

##### Functionality

The `mkVimPlugin` function generates a Nix module that:

1. Defines the plugin's metadata, including maintainers, description, and URL.
2. Sets up options for enabling the plugin, specifying the package, and configuring settings and extra configuration.

##### Example Usage

```nix
mkVimPlugin {
  name = "example-plugin";
  url = "https://github.com/example/plugin";
  maintainers = [ lib.maintainers.user ];
  description = "An example Vim plugin.";
  globalPrefix = "example_";
}
```

Simple vim plugins already implemented:
- [earthly.vim](https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/6f210158b03b01a1fd44bf3968165e6da80635ce/plugins/by-name/earthly/default.nix)

> - [vim-nix](https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim/blob/6f210158b03b01a1fd44bf3968165e6da80635ce/plugins/by-name/nix/default.nix)

Reviewer: :heart:

Reviewer: ♥️ was supposed to be positive feedback 😂

> | **package**                      | The package for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                                  | No       | `name` parameter |

Reviewer: Minor inconsitency: the neovem version has a long description with an example. Should this one be the same, seeing as the implementation is the same?

> ``The nixpkgs package attr for this plugin. Can be a string, a list of strings, a module option, or any derivation. For example, "foo-bar-nvim" for `pkgs.vimPlugins.foo-bar-nvim`, or `[ "hello" "world" ]` will be referenced as `pkgs.hello.world`.``

Author: Good catch, should definitely be the same.

All the plugins are located under the `plugins` folder. If you want which plugins are defined as vim plugins, follow these steps:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/nix-community/nixvim.git

cd nixvim

# Make the to have nix-direnv enabled and running ;) => https://github.com/nix-community/nix-direnv
# List all created plugins with `mkVimPlugin`

> list-plugins -k vim

Author: Really like that. Much better :+1:

| **configLocation**         | The location for the Lua configuration.                                                                                                                                                                      | No       | `"extraConfigLuaPre"` if `isColorscheme` then `extraConfigLuaPre`, otherwise `"extraConfigLua"` |
| **deprecateExtraOptions**  | Indicating whether to deprecate the `extraOptions` attribute. Mainly used for old plugins.                                                                                                                   | No       | `false`       |
| **description**            | A brief description of the plugin. Can also be used for non-normative documentation, warnings, tips and tricks.                                                                                              | No       | `null`        |
| **extraConfig**            | Additional configuration for the plugin.                                                                                                                                                                     | No       | `{}`          |

> | **extraOptions**           | Module options for the plugin, to be added _outside_ of the `settings` option. These should be Nixvim-specific options.                                                                                       | No       | `{}`          |

Reviewer: Slightly out of alignment:

```suggestion
| **extraOptions**           | Module options for the plugin, to be added _outside_ of the `settings` option. These should be Nixvim-specific options.                                                                                      | No       | `{}`          |
```

Author: I can't see a problem with the alignment on my end. I'm only on a codespace for this weekend, maybe it's the line wrapping on nvim?

Reviewer: Looks like the headings are off too

Author: I know this is very, very zoomed out, but I think this is the github diff that f**ked up the rendering. Here's how it is on my end
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d0e53e7e-673f-43ff-802a-1e0154c702f5)

Author: > I know this is very, very zoomed out, but I think this is the github diff that f**ked up the rendering. Here's how it is on my end ![image](https://private-user-images.githubusercontent.com/28595242/386706925-d0e53e7e-673f-43ff-802a-1e0154c702f5.png?jwt=eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.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.XrNwTaqCGWvl3NppfDfrs_qV0vJkzixJAlTwqBHMEjE)

Actually, this in not the first time Github does this... I've had some rendering issue with the diff on some projects with whitespaces and newlines.

| **extraPlugins**           | Extra plugins to include.                                                                                                                                                                                    | No       | `[]`          |
| **hasConfigAttrs**         | Indicating whether the plugin has configuration attributes.                                                                                                                                                  | No       | `true`        |
| **hasSettings**            | Indicating whether the plugin has settings. A `settings` option will be created if true.                                                                                                                     | No       | `true`        |
| **imports**                | Additional modules to import.                                                                                                                                                                                | No       | `[]`          |

> | **installPackage**         | Whether to install the package. This is a very niche option that can be used when the final package overrides the plugin's configuration. In most cases, it shouldn't disabled.                              | No       | `true`        |

Reviewer: I don't think it's accurate to say the _package_ overrides the _plugin_ config...

This wording should be a bit better, but still hard to git it exactly right:

```suggestion
| **installPackage**         | Whether to install the package. This is a very niche option, but one use case is adding additional overrides to the final package. In most cases, it shouldn't disabled.                                        | No       | `true`        |
```

---

The fact this is so clunky to describe makes me wonder if we should have a transformer argument instead of a toggle :thinking: 

Something like `packageTransformer ? (pkg: pkg)` "Used to apply final transformations to the configured package, such as necessary overrides"

Maybe I'll open a PR once this is merged

Author: I think the transformer would be a good idea depending on how this implemented and presented with arguments. The `installPackage` is self explanatory, but I still don't know how to rephrase it outside of `Just install the package or not`. It mostly depends on side args in the same func. Maybe we could just stick to a very simple `Should the package be installed or not` for now, and then try to find a better way to customize the plugin via, as you said for example, a transformer.

Author: It's a deal then 🤝!

Author: done!

Reviewer: I've opened #2524 to remove the option. I think regardless of the outcome of that PR we probably don't need this one documented.

```suggestion
```
